Update README and docs/en directory structure (#190)
GoogleCloudPlatform/khi: README.md

Kubernetes History Inspector (KHI) is a rich log visualization tool for Kubernetes clusters. KHI transforms vast quantities of logs into an interactive, comprehensive timeline view.
This makes it an invaluable tool for troubleshooting complex issues that span multiple components within your Kubernetes clusters.

Any agents are not needed on your cluster. KHI provides following visualizations for troubleshooting just by loading logs on Kubernetes.

> 

Reviewer: `Agentless` is one of key points easily misunderstood in KHI. It doesn't need to be kept in the sentences, but we would like to emphasize KHI doesn't need to install anything on the cluster.

|![Timeline view](./docs/images/timeline.png)|![Cluster diagram](./docs/images/cluster-diagram.png)|
|Timeline view visualizes resource status change timings with timeline charts and manifest diffs from Kubernetes audit logs.|Cluster diagram visualizes relationships among Kubernetes resources, solely from kube-apiserver audit logs.|

## Why use KHI?

### Insightful Log Visualization

> The key strength of KHI is its ability to visualize logs of numerous events from multiple Kubernetes resources as timeline-based graphs, moving beyond traditional text-based log analysis. You do not need to manually filter logs by a single resource and chronologically reading through individual event logs in text data anymore. Instead, you can grasp what happened at a glance directly from the timeline visualization. Also, in addition to log visualization, KHI allows you to review the raw log data for that specific moment in its familiar log format in text, and even examine the YAML manifests at the time the specific event took place. This significantly simplifies the process of pinpointing the root cause of an event.

Reviewer: `event logs` sounds like `Kubernetes event log`. I prefer not to use the word `event` here.

> The key strength of KHI is its ability to visualize logs of numerous events from multiple Kubernetes resources as timeline-based graphs, moving beyond traditional text-based log analysis. You do not need to manually filter logs by a single resource and chronologically reading through individual event logs in text data anymore. Instead, you can grasp what happened at a glance directly from the timeline visualization. Also, in addition to log visualization, KHI allows you to review the raw log data for that specific moment in its familiar log format in text, and even examine the YAML manifests at the time the specific event took place. This significantly simplifies the process of pinpointing the root cause of an event.

Reviewer: `from multiple Kubernetes resources` is also a bit weird because resources itself won't log.
But operations against resources are recorded as audit log on kube-apiserver for example.

> KHI can also generate diagrams that depict the state of your Kubernetes cluster's resources and their relationships at a specific point in time. This is invaluable for understanding the configuration and topology of your cluster during an incident or for auditing purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KHI can also generate diagrams that depict the state of your Kubernetes cluster's resources and their relationships at a specific point in time. This is invaluable for understanding the status of resources and topology of your cluster at a specific time during an incident.
```

### OSS Kubernetes

Read [Using KHI with OSS Kubernetes Clusters - Example with Loki](./docs/en/oss.md).

## User Guide

Read [user guide](./docs/en/user-guide.md).

## Development Contribution Guide

> If you'd like to contribute to code KHI, read [Contribution Guide](./docs/contributing.md).

Reviewer: Why did we limit this scope to code? There are many area of contribution without coding anything.
